yes hello people added to this
Video today a comparison test of the Honda
cbr 500 under ktm rc 93 both
motorcycles for the a2 driver's license
are suitable and I'll tell you right away
what about the rc I test now 40 days
My girlfriend was allowed to say something to you
your motorcycle the cbr and off you go
yes we come to the comparative test of
cards mrc 93 and the honda cb 500 er
now for a few shots the strengths
The ktm are in any case their easy
weight and thus their immense
manageability so the thing was real
Chasing through the curves makes that easy
only fun combined is the whole
of course with the single cylinder what
of course a very interesting one
driving experience
my girlfriend just stuck behind
car so I can tell you one time
little thing to tell the moped what
bothering me a bit is at 3 4000
revolutions
That's where the front panel starts
to rattle so right here in front
left area
I do not know if it is mine
press machines lies or whether that
Generally the case is definitely something
with all rc 93 124 certainly with
a problem is that you reflect that
almost exclusively his frames
So that's what it looks like
always nice to the poor they not
so much of the traffic
if I really want to watch what's behind
I have to go either hand
completely outside or even on the
best off the steering wheel what a lot
is extraordinary and at least in
my eyes on the beautiful is that the
left integrated in the mirrors at the front
So I do not have that yet
at least not seen on the spot
is unique or so they have it yes
here in the mirror surfaces as such
but the rim how do you call the people
I've never seen anything cool in general
LED technology here what you hear very often
is that the on-board computer
I do not find it clear that I am personally
Not at all when you consider that
if you would buy outer place me
Of course, you have to think longer term
the ice is chased time to memorize the
and then this is a top onboard computer
So many cool features
which you really miss anything from the
aisle indicator up to the sound of a flash
consumption indicator and so on and so on
If you already have the consumption
speak
He is really low on the moped
So I drive the 93 with four liters
it has pretty much 4.0 liters of abs
of course very sporty in cyprus so
for has two drivers who go with it
just awesome what de facto way is
is that she is so petite
is and just with the skinny tires
just think one or the other
so diehard 1000 kubik driver that
it's about a 125cc
Personally, that does not bother me
However, we imagine that he has a few
other level 2 just does not run from
Wants to be held 125th
What bothers me personally was water for
a lot of it will be me
personally a bit like that
Choices what the design
Missing means you have this
a decor and the frame is anyway
always orange so he could not do anything
turn it on but if you just a ktm
then buys you know that you were only on
So eva wittchen over a year
I can say that very well what I say
have learned to love her over time
For one thing, it's clear that
I sporting optics me just also
has brought in the first time on itself
to pay attention what is therefore
were also very good off so found
the first sit after the first drive
you are sitting on it relatively straight
very pleasant terrain and back
I had little problems so far
with time like on a typical
Athletes are the rats we are on
at the front rather than a real athlete
and also the handlebar is higher than
bench so much higher it was
why did I play a role?
the antue body was also very clear that
you for the a2 driver's license
was tailored
with their 48 hp and also these 850 guests
come out well what's in the
Opposite for example throttled xj6
supply market and I mean already
very good but what a pity that is
the ktm trumps my already
I have a lot in my life too
he thinks he is sick
and the tank volume so I'm coming with
a tank good 350 kilometers
approach
from the manufacturer to 390 gas stations mostly
maybe 17 euros, I'm so happy
as for example with the game today for ten
euro follows the orientation thus has
obtained must namely for gas station
that would personally drive me first
the four motorcyclists persist
atan to bring what, however, to
Since he has to find much better is the
standard sound so my cbr 90 there
really cute on what s.meine too
is still not bad is
again to return to the comfort
the seats are beautiful is extreme
narrow as the patient then
would have to get a long time
which is also clear to me
has better like Annika tm is indeed the
optics see both numbers athletic
I have no opinion
but a little more is mine
yes, even wider she jumps in love
width probably also conditional
through the profound game always
already thin mature on it which I always
a lot smaller so you could
now think of 125
so now we have seen what we both did
think about the individual motorcycles
In summary, it can be said that
is the sportier motorcycle that's him
the motorcycle for longer tours for
someone who maybe a bit
wants to travel more comfortably and that is
just really year a sports equipment me
almost say and i hope in any case
could you guys a bit further
help if so take it would be me
me in any case in the blue thumb
wish and that they sometimes the
social networks looks to the left of me
My job is still open today
I do not have a t-shirt myself
because my all are in the laundry
and yes, I like to look over and then
see you soon again next slower
maybe 50 country road to plan
now refrain